README.md, before:

# Cordova/Phonegap bindings for Razorpay's Mobile SDKs

Official Cordova/Phonegap plugin for integrating Razorpay's checkout.

## Supported platforms

- Android
- iOS
- Browser

You can check out the sample apps for cordova, ionic1 & ionic2 in https://github.com/razorpay/razorpay-cordova-sample-app

## Usage:

Install the plugin

```bash
cd your-project-folder
cordova platform add android      # optional
cordova platform add ios          # optional
cordova platform add browser      # optional
cordova plugin add com.razorpay.cordova --save

```

(or, `phonegap plugin add com.razorpay.cordova --save`)

## Integration code

```js
var options = {
  description: 'Credits towards consultation',
  image: 'https://i.imgur.com/3g7nmJC.png',
  currency: 'INR',
  key: 'rzp_test_1DP5mmOlF5G5ag',
  amount: '5000',
  name: 'foo',
  prefill: {
    email: 'pranav@razorpay.com',
    contact: '8879524924',
    name: 'Pranav Gupta'
  },
  theme: {
    color: '#F37254'
  }
}

var successCallback = function(payment_id) {
  alert('payment_id: ' + payment_id)
}

var cancelCallback = function(error) {
  alert(error.description + ' (Error '+error.code+')')
}

RazorpayCheckout.open(options, successCallback, cancelCallback)
```

Change the options accordingly. Supported options can be found [here](https://docs.razorpay.com/docs/checkout-form#checkout-fields).

### Orders API Flow

With the advent of `auto-capture` using [Order API](https://docs.razorpay.com/v1/page/orders), the integration needs to change a little ([only if you are using this flow](https://docs.razorpay.com/v1/page/orders#auto-capturing-payment)). The only change is that the callbacks have to be added as events. Here is a code sample:

```js
var options = {
  description: 'Credits towards consultation',
  image: 'https://i.imgur.com/3g7nmJC.png',
  currency: 'INR',
  key: 'rzp_test_1DP5mmOlF5G5ag',
  order_id: 'order_7HtFNLS98dSj8x'
  amount: '5000',
  name: 'foo',
  prefill: {
    email: 'pranav@razorpay.com',
    contact: '8879524924',
    name: 'Pranav Gupta'
  },
  theme: {
    color: '#F37254'
  }
}

var successCallback = function(success) {
  alert('payment_id: ' + success.razorpay_payment_id)
  var orderId = success.razorpay_order_id
  var signature = success.razorpay_signature
}

var cancelCallback = function(error) {
  alert(error.description + ' (Error '+error.code+')')
}

RazorpayCheckout.on('payment.success', successCallback)
RazorpayCheckout.on('payment.cancel', cancelCallback)
RazorpayCheckout.open(options)
```
### Android Lifecycle Guide 
***It is recomended that you read [this](https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/latest/guide/platforms/android/#lifecycle-guide) first before proceeding with this section***

Since our plugin launches a new activity on Android, the cordova activity goes in the background
and might get destroyed by the Android System. For this scenario, you need to add the following code to make sure the 
payment result is delivered after the cordova activity is recreated:
```
// You need to register an event listener for the `resume` event
document.addEventListener('resume', onResume, false);
var onResume = function(event) {
        // Re-register the payment success and cancel callbacks
        RazorpayCheckout.on('payment.success', successCallback)
        RazorpayCheckout.on('payment.cancel', cancelCallback)
        // Pass on the event to RazorpayCheckout
        RazorpayCheckout.onResume(event);
      };


```
### Things to be taken care:

- Add the integration code snippet after `deviceready` event.

- On browser platform, change the [Content Security Policy](https://content-security-policy.com/) to whitelist the `razorpay.com` domain.

```html
<meta http-equiv="Content-Security-Policy" content="default-src 'self' https://*.razorpay.com data: gap: https://ssl.gstatic.com 'unsafe-eval'; style-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline'; media-src *">

```

Commit message:

Add external wallet guide to readme

README.md, after:

# Cordova/Phonegap bindings for Razorpay's Mobile SDKs

Official Cordova/Phonegap plugin for integrating Razorpay's checkout.

## Supported platforms

- Android
- iOS
- Browser

You can check out the sample apps for cordova, ionic1 & ionic2 in https://github.com/razorpay/razorpay-cordova-sample-app

## Usage:

Install the plugin

```bash
cd your-project-folder
cordova platform add android      # optional
cordova platform add ios          # optional
cordova platform add browser      # optional
cordova plugin add com.razorpay.cordova --save

```

(or, `phonegap plugin add com.razorpay.cordova --save`)

## Integration code

```js
var options = {
  description: 'Credits towards consultation',
  image: 'https://i.imgur.com/3g7nmJC.png',
  currency: 'INR',
  key: 'rzp_test_1DP5mmOlF5G5ag',
  amount: '5000',
  name: 'foo',
  prefill: {
    email: 'pranav@razorpay.com',
    contact: '8879524924',
    name: 'Pranav Gupta'
  },
  theme: {
    color: '#F37254'
  }
}

var successCallback = function(payment_id) {
  alert('payment_id: ' + payment_id)
}

var cancelCallback = function(error) {
  alert(error.description + ' (Error '+error.code+')')
}

RazorpayCheckout.open(options, successCallback, cancelCallback)
```

Change the options accordingly. Supported options can be found [here](https://docs.razorpay.com/docs/checkout-form#checkout-fields).

### Orders API Flow

With the advent of `auto-capture` using [Order API](https://docs.razorpay.com/v1/page/orders), the integration needs to change a little ([only if you are using this flow](https://docs.razorpay.com/v1/page/orders#auto-capturing-payment)). The only change is that the callbacks have to be added as events. Here is a code sample:

```js
var options = {
  description: 'Credits towards consultation',
  image: 'https://i.imgur.com/3g7nmJC.png',
  currency: 'INR',
  key: 'rzp_test_1DP5mmOlF5G5ag',
  order_id: 'order_7HtFNLS98dSj8x'
  amount: '5000',
  name: 'foo',
  prefill: {
    email: 'pranav@razorpay.com',
    contact: '8879524924',
    name: 'Pranav Gupta'
  },
  theme: {
    color: '#F37254'
  }
}

var successCallback = function(success) {
  alert('payment_id: ' + success.razorpay_payment_id)
  var orderId = success.razorpay_order_id
  var signature = success.razorpay_signature
}

var cancelCallback = function(error) {
  alert(error.description + ' (Error '+error.code+')')
}

RazorpayCheckout.on('payment.success', successCallback)
RazorpayCheckout.on('payment.cancel', cancelCallback)
RazorpayCheckout.open(options)
```

### External Wallets
We also support **displaying** wallets like Citrus and Paytm, which are currently not a part of the standard Razorpay offering. After the user chooses which one of these they want, control is handed back to you with data like wallet name, contact and email of the user. This helps you take the next steps towards facilitating the payment and Razorpay's role in that payment cycle ends there.

To add a wallet, change the `options` JSON as follows:
```js
var options = {
  currency: 'INR',
  key: 'rzp_test_1DP5mmOlF5G5ag',
  amount: '5000',
  external: {
    wallets: ['paytm']
  },
  ...
  ...
  ...
}
```

To get callback for this, add this before calling `open`:
```js
RazorpayCheckout.on('payment.external_wallet', externalWalletCallback)
```

### Android Lifecycle Guide 
***It is recomended that you read [this](https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/latest/guide/platforms/android/#lifecycle-guide) first before proceeding with this section***

Since our plugin launches a new activity on Android, the cordova activity goes in the background
and might get destroyed by the Android System. For this scenario, you need to add the following code to make sure the 
payment result is delivered after the cordova activity is recreated:
```
// You need to register an event listener for the `resume` event
document.addEventListener('resume', onResume, false);
var onResume = function(event) {
        // Re-register the payment success and cancel callbacks
        RazorpayCheckout.on('payment.success', successCallback)
        RazorpayCheckout.on('payment.cancel', cancelCallback)
        // Pass on the event to RazorpayCheckout
        RazorpayCheckout.onResume(event);
      };


```
### Things to be taken care:

- Add the integration code snippet after `deviceready` event.

- On browser platform, change the [Content Security Policy](https://content-security-policy.com/) to whitelist the `razorpay.com` domain.

```html
<meta http-equiv="Content-Security-Policy" content="default-src 'self' https://*.razorpay.com data: gap: https://ssl.gstatic.com 'unsafe-eval'; style-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline'; media-src *">

```
